# FACTUAL ALLEGATIONS

## Background and Timeline

**15.** {{LABEL:facts_start}}This action arises from Defendants' systematic pattern of consumer abuse in connection with the sale, financing,
and foreclosure of timeshare properties, including violations of federal consumer protection laws and Nevada state law.

**16.** The misconduct detailed herein spans from February 2021 through the present and encompasses violations of
federal lending disclosure requirements, wrongful foreclosure without legal standing, willful violations of federal
credit reporting laws, and multiple deceptive trade practices under Nevada law.

**17.** Defendants' conduct was not isolated but represents a systematic approach to consumer exploitation designed to
maximize profits while disregarding legal requirements and consumer rights.

## The Timeshare Transaction and Dual Role Conflicts

**18.** In or around February 2021, Plaintiff was solicited by Defendants to purchase a timeshare interest in property
located in Clark County, Nevada.

**19.** Defendants acted in a dual capacity as both the seller of the timeshare property and the lender providing
financing for the purchase, creating inherent conflicts of interest that were not adequately disclosed to Plaintiff.

**20.** On February 20, 2021, Plaintiff entered into a Purchase Agreement with Defendants for the purchase of a
timeshare interest (the "Purchase Agreement"), attached hereto as **Exhibit A** and incorporated herein by reference.

**21.** Simultaneously, Defendants provided financing for the purchase through a promissory note in the original
principal amount of $17,532.00 at an interest rate of 19.40% per annum (the "Note"), attached hereto as **Exhibit B**
and incorporated herein by reference.

**22.** The transaction was secured by a Deed of Trust on the timeshare property (the "Deed of Trust"), attached hereto
as **Exhibit C** and incorporated herein by reference.

**23.** The 19.40% interest rate was excessive and resulted from Defendants' conflicted dual role as both seller seeking
to maximize sale price and lender setting financing terms, without adequate disclosure of this conflict to Plaintiff.

### The High-Pressure, Same-Day Closing Process

**24.** Federal law under the TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule (TRID) requires lenders to provide borrowers with a
Closing Disclosure at least three business days before loan consummation to allow meaningful review of final loan terms.

**25.** In direct violation of federal law, Defendants issued the Closing Disclosure to Plaintiff on the same day as the
loan closing, providing zero business days for review.

**26.** The Closing Disclosure, attached hereto as Exhibit M and incorporated herein by reference, shows both the "Date
Issued" and "Closing Date" as February 20, 2021.

**27.** This same-day closing was part of Defendants' high-pressure sales tactics designed to prevent Plaintiff from
meaningfully reviewing the loan terms, seeking legal counsel, comparing financing alternatives, or reconsidering the
transaction.

**28.** The same-day closing also prevented Plaintiff from understanding the significance of the arbitration clause
buried in Section 18(h) of the Purchase Agreement, which waived Plaintiff's constitutional rights to jury trial and
court access.

### Defendants' Securitization Program and Loss of Standing

**29.** Upon information and belief, Defendants operate an active and systematic program of securitizing timeshare loans
through asset-backed securities trusts known as "Hilton Grand Vacations Trust" series.

**30.** Public records and securities filings demonstrate that Defendants have securitized hundreds of millions of
dollars in timeshare loans through multiple trust series, including the Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2022-2 ($269
million securitization in August 2022), Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2024-1B (fixed-rate timeshare loans in April 2024),
Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2024-2 (recent securitization in 2024), and Hilton Grand Vacations Trust 2024-3 ($301.9
million asset-backed securities in October 2024).

**31.** Upon information and belief, Plaintiff's Note was sold, assigned, or transferred to one of these securitized
trusts sometime between the loan origination in February 2021 and the foreclosure in September 2023.

**32.** When Defendants sold Plaintiff's Note to a securitized trust, they ceased to be the beneficiary under the Deed
of Trust and lost legal standing to initiate foreclosure proceedings.

**33.** Under Nevada law, only the beneficiary of a deed of trust or their authorized agent may initiate foreclosure
proceedings, and the deed of trust is merely a security instrument that follows ownership of the underlying promissory
note.

### Credit Reporting Violations and Willful FCRA Violations

**34.** Following the securitization of Plaintiff's Note, Defendants continued to furnish information to consumer
reporting agencies representing themselves as the creditor on Plaintiff's account.

**35.** Plaintiff's credit report shows the account name as "HILTONRESORTSCORP/HGV," reflecting confusion about the
actual creditor and suggesting internal uncertainty about which entity had authority to report on the account.

**36.** Defendants' continued reporting as the creditor after securitization constituted willful violations of the Fair
Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), as Defendants knew or should have known they were no longer the actual creditor.

**37.** Defendants had a duty under **15 U.S.C.
ยง 1681s**-2 to ensure the accuracy of information furnished to credit reporting agencies and to conduct reasonable investigations of disputed information.

**38.** Defendants' violations of the FCRA were willful, demonstrating knowing or reckless disregard of their legal
obligations, given their systematic securitization program and corporate knowledge of note transfers.

### The Wrongful Foreclosure

**39.** In or around September 2023, as reflected on Plaintiff's credit report, Defendants initiated foreclosure
proceedings against Plaintiff's timeshare property.

**40.** At the time of foreclosure, Defendants lacked legal standing to foreclose because they no longer owned
Plaintiff's Note, having previously sold it to a securitized trust.

**41.** Defendants failed to produce the original Note with proper endorsements or demonstrate an unbroken chain of
assignments establishing their authority to foreclose.

**42.** The foreclosure was wrongful and unauthorized under Nevada law, as Defendants were not the beneficiary under the
Deed of Trust at the time of foreclosure.

**43.** Defendants' conduct in proceeding with foreclosure despite their lack of standing was willful and in reckless
disregard of Plaintiff's rights, warranting punitive damages.

### Pattern of Bad Faith and Deceptive Practices

**44.** Defendants' conduct throughout their relationship with Plaintiff demonstrates a systematic pattern of bad faith
dealing and deceptive trade practices that began with high-pressure, same-day closing in violation of federal law,
continued with their failure to adequately disclose conflicts arising from their dual role as seller and lender,
escalated through the imposition of unconscionable contract terms including a one-sided arbitration clause, persisted
through willful violations of federal credit reporting requirements, and culminated in wrongful foreclosure without
legal authority.

**45.** This pattern of conduct was designed to maximize Defendants' profits while systematically depriving consumers of
their legal rights and protections.

**46.** Defendants' conduct violates multiple federal and state consumer protection laws and constitutes a systematic
campaign of consumer abuse.

### Unconscionable Arbitration Clause

**47.** The Purchase Agreement contains an arbitration clause in Section 18(h) that is procedurally and substantively
unconscionable under Nevada law.

**48.** The arbitration clause is procedurally unconscionable because it was imposed through a contract of adhesion with
no opportunity for negotiation, buried in dense contractual text without prominence, and presented during a
high-pressure, same-day closing that prevented meaningful review.

**49.** The arbitration clause is substantively unconscionable because it contains a "foreclosure carve-out" that allows
Defendants to use the full power of the court system for their primary remedy while forcing consumers into private
arbitration for their claims.

**50.** Specifically, the clause states that arbitration applies to "any dispute, except a foreclosure proceeding,"
creating a one-sided system that benefits only Defendants.

**51.** The arbitration clause lacks mutuality and is designed to oppress consumers while preserving Defendants' access
to courts, making it unenforceable under Nevada law.

### Damages and Harm to Plaintiff

**52.** As a direct and proximate result of Defendants' misconduct, Plaintiff has suffered substantial damages including
the loss of the timeshare property through wrongful foreclosure, damage to credit score and borrowing capacity from
false credit reporting, overpayment of interest due to the excessive 19.40% rate resulting from undisclosed conflicts,
emotional distress and anxiety from the pattern of abuse, and lost use and enjoyment of the timeshare property.

**53.** Defendants' willful and malicious conduct warrants an award of punitive damages to deter similar misconduct and
protect other consumers.

**54.** Plaintiff is entitled to statutory damages under federal law, enhanced damages under Nevada consumer protection
statutes, and reasonable attorney fees and costs under multiple statutory provisions.{{LABEL:facts_end}}


